				Icon type by card position								
ID	Age	Color	Title	Top	Left	Middle	Right	Hexagon (info only)	Dogma Icon	Dogma Condition 1	Dogma Condition 2	Dogma Condition 3
1	1	Yellow	Agriculture	x	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	Sheaf of grain	Leaf	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, draw and score a card of value one higher than the card you returned."		
2	1	Red	Archery	Castle	Lightbulb	x	Castle	bow and arrow	Castle	"I demand you draw a 1, then transfer the highest card in your hand to my hand!"		
3	1	Purple	City States	x	Crown	Crown	Castle	Courthouse or temple	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top card with a [Castle] from your board to my board if you have at least four [Castle] icons on your board! If you do, draw a 1!"		
4	1	Green	Clothing	x	Crown	Leaf	Leaf	Toga	Leaf	Meld a card from your hand of different color from any card on your board.	Draw and score a 1 for each color present on your board not present on any other player’s board.	
5	1	Purple	Code of Laws	x	Crown	Crown	Leaf	Two tablets	Crown	"You may tuck a card from your hand of the same color as any card on your board. If you do, you may splay that color of your cards left."		
6	1	Yellow	Domestication	Castle	Crown	x	Castle	Bull	Castle	Meld the lowest card in your hand. Draw a 1.		
7	1	Yellow	Masonry	Castle	x	Castle	Castle	Bricks	Castle	"You may meld any number of cards from your hand, each with a [Castle]. If you melded four or more cards, claim the Monument achievement."		
8	1	Red	Metalworking	Castle	Castle	x	Castle	Spear and shield	Castle	"Draw and reveal a 1. If it has a [Castle], score it and repeat this dogma effect. Otherwise, keep it."		
9	1	Purple	Mysticism	x	Castle	Castle	Castle	Crescent moon	Castle	"Draw a 1. If it is the same color as any card on your board, meld it and draw a 1."		
10	1	Red	Oars	Castle	Crown	x	Castle	Oars	Castle	"I demand you transfer a card with a [Crown] from your hand to my score pile! If you do, draw a 1."	"If no cards were transferred due to this demand, draw a 1."	
11	1	Blue	Pottery	x	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	Pot	Leaf	"You may return up to three cards from your hand. If you returned any cards, draw and score a card of value equal to the number of cards you returned."	Draw a 1.	
12	1	Green	Sailing	Crown	Crown	x	Leaf	Boat	Crown	Draw and meld a 1.		
13	1	Green	The Wheel	x	Castle	Castle	Castle	Wheel	Castle	Draw two 1.		
14	1	Blue	Tools	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Castle	Sickle and Hammer	Lightbulb	"You may return three cards from your hand. If you do, draw and meld a 3."	"You may return a 3 from your hand. If you do, draw three 1."	
15	1	Blue	Writing	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Crown	Quill	Lightbulb	Draw a 2.		
16	2	Blue	Calendar	x	Leaf	Leaf	Lightbulb	Sundial	Leaf	"If you have more cards in your score pile than in your hand, draw two 3."		
17	2	Yellow	Canal Building	x	Crown	Leaf	Crown	Gondola	Crown	You may exchange all the highest cards in your hand with all the highest cards in your score pile.		
18	2	Red	Construction	Castle	x	Castle	Castle	Catapult	Castle	"I demand you transfer two cards from your hand to my hand, then draw a 2!"	"If you are the only player with five top cards, claim the Empire achievement."	
19	2	Green	Currency	Leaf	Crown	x	Crown	Two ancient coins	Crown	"You may return any number of cards from your hand. If you do, draw and score a 2 for every different value of card you returned."		
20	2	Yellow	Fermenting	Leaf	Leaf	x	Castle	Barrel	Leaf	Draw a 2 for every two [Leaf] icons on your board.		
21	2	Green	Mapmaking	x	Crown	Crown	Castle	Treasure map	Crown	I demand you transfer a 1 from your score pile to my score pile.	"If any card was transferred due to the demand, draw and score a 1."	
22	2	Blue	Mathematics	x	Lightbulb	Crown	Lightbulb	Pi	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, draw and meld a card of value one higher than the card you returned."		
23	2	Purple	Monotheism	x	Castle	Castle	Castle	Cross	Castle	"I demand you transfer a top card on your board of a different color from any card on my board to my score pile! If you do, draw and tuck a 1!"	Draw and tuck a 1.	
24	2	Purple	Philosophy	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Glass with poisoned milk	Lightbulb	You may splay left any one color of your cards.	You may score a card from your hand.	
25	2	Red	Road Building	Castle	Castle	x	Castle	Winding road	Castle	"Meld one or two cards from your hand. If you melded two, you may transfer your top red card to another player’s board. In exchange, transfer that player’s top green card to your board."		
26	3	Blue	Alchemy	x	Leaf	Castle	Castle	Mortar and pestle	Castle	"Draw and reveal a 4 for every three [Castle] icons on your board. If any of the drawn cards are red, return the cards drawn and all cards in your hand. Otherwise, keep them."	"Meld a card from your hand, then score a card from your hand."	
27	3	Green	Compass	x	Crown	Crown	Leaf	Compass	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top non-green card with a [Leaf] from your board to my board, and then transfer a top card without a [Leaf] from my board to your board."		
28	3	Purple	Education	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Apple	Lightbulb	"You may return the highest card from your score pile. If you do, draw a card of value two higher than the highest card remaining in your score pile."		
29	3	Red	Engineering	Castle	x	Lightbulb	Castle	Fortified castle	Castle	I demand you transfer all top cards with a [Castle] from your board to my score pile!	You may splay your red cards left.	
30	3	Purple	Feudalism	x	Castle	Leaf	Castle	Shield(w/ cross) and sword	Castle	I demand you transfer a card with a [Castle] from your hand to my hand!	You may splay your yellow or purple cards left.	
31	3	Yellow	Machinery	Leaf	Leaf	x	Castle	Windmill	Leaf	I demand you exchange all cards in your hand with all the highest cards in my hand!	Score a card from your hand with a [Castle]. You may splay your red cards left.	
32	3	Yellow	Medicine	Crown	Leaf	Leaf	x	Caduceus	Leaf	I demand you exchange the highest card in your score pile with the lowest card in my score pile!		
33	3	Red	Optics	Crown	Crown	Crown	x	Telescope	Crown	"Draw and meld a 3. If it has a [Crown], draw and score a 4. Otherwise, transfer a card from your score pile to the score pile of an opponent with fewer points than you."		
34	3	Green	Paper	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Crown	Book	Lightbulb	You may splay your green or blue cards left.	Draw a 4 for every color you have splayed left.	
35	3	Blue	Translation	x	Crown	Crown	Crown	Hieroglyph and two letters in the demotic script	Crown	"You may meld all the cards in your score pile. If you meld one, you must meld them all."	"If each top card on your board has a [Crown], claim the World achievement."	
36	4	Yellow	Anatomy	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	x	Skull	Leaf	"I demand you return a card from your score pile! If you do, return a top card of equal value from your board!"		
37	4	Red	Colonialism	x	Factory	Lightbulb	Factory	Union jack	Factory	"Draw and tuck a 3. If it has a [Crown], repeat this dogma effect."		
38	4	Purple	Enterprise	x	Crown	Crown	Crown	Signed contract	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top non-purple card with a [Crown] from your board to my board! If you do, draw and meld a 4!"	You may splay your green cards right.	
39	4	Blue	Experimentation	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Tower of Pisa	Lightbulb	Draw and meld a 5.		
40	4	Red	Gunpowder	x	Factory	Crown	Factory	Muskets	Factory	I demand you transfer a top card with a [Castle] from your board to my score pile!	"If any card was transferred due to the demand, draw and score a 2."	
41	4	Green	Invention	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Factory	Vitruvian Man	Lightbulb	"You may splay right any one color of your cards currently splayed left. If you do, draw and score a 4."	"If you have five colors splayed, each in any direction, claim the Wonder achievement."	
42	4	Green	Navigation	x	Crown	Crown	Crown	Sextant	Crown	I demand you transfer a 2 or 3 from your score pile to my score pile!		
43	4	Yellow	Perspective	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Leaf	Man inspecting ship on horizon	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, score a card from your hand for every two [LIghtbulb] icons on your board."		
44	4	Blue	Printing Press	x	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Crown	Press	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your score pile. If you do, draw a card of value two higher than the top purple card on your board."	You may splay your blue cards right.	
45	4	Purple	Reformation	Leaf	Leaf	x	Leaf	Cathedral	Leaf	You may tuck a card from your hand for every two [Leaf] icons on your board.	You may splay your yellow or purple cards right.	
46	5	Purple	Astronomy	Crown	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Observatory	Lightbulb	"Draw and reveal a 6. If the card is green or blue, meld it and repeat this dogma effect."	"If all non-purple top cards on your board are value 6 or higher, claim the Universe
achievement."	
47	5	Green	Banking	Factory	Crown	x	Crown	Two piles of notes and a coin	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top non-green card with a [Factory] from your board to my board! If you do, draw and score a 5."	You may splay your green cards right.	
48	5	Blue	Chemistry	Factory	Lightbulb	Factory	x	Erlenmeyer flask full of liquid	Factory	You may splay your blue cards right.	Draw and score a card of value one higher than the highest top card on your board and then return a card from your score pile.	
49	5	Red	Coal	Factory	Factory	Factory	x	Lumps of coal or a fossil	Factory	Draw and tuck a 5.	You may splay your red cards right.	"You may score any one of your top cards. If you do, also score the card beneath it."
50	5	Green	Measurement	Lightbulb	Leaf	Lightbulb	x	Ruler	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, splay any one color of your cards right, and draw a card of value equal to the number of cards of that color on your board."		
51	5	Blue	Physics	Factory	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Spectrum of light	Lightbulb	"Draw three 6 and reveal them. If two or more of the drawn cards are of the same color, return the drawn cards and all the cards in your hand. Otherwise, keep them."		
52	5	Red	The Pirate Code	Crown	Factory	Crown	x	Skull and cross bones	Crown	I demand you transfer two cards of value 4 or less from your score pile to my score pile!	"If any card was transferred due to the demand, score the lowest top card with a [Crown] from your board."	
53	5	Purple	Societies	Crown	x	Lightbulb	Crown	Crowd of people	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top non-purple card with a [Lightbulb] from your board to my board! If you do, draw a 5!"		
54	5	Yellow	Statistics	Leaf	Lightbulb	Leaf	x	Two birds in flight	Leaf	"I demand you draw the highest card in your score pile! If you do, and have only one card in your hand afterwards, repeat this demand!"	You may splay your yellow cards right.	
55	5	Yellow	Steam Engine	x	Factory	Crown	Factory	Gauge connected to a pipe	Factory	"Draw and tuck two 4, then score your bottom yellow card."		
56	6	Blue	Atomic Theory	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Cartoon of an atom	Lightbulb	You may splay your blue cards right.	Draw and meld a 7.	
57	6	Yellow	Canning	x	Factory	Leaf	Factory	Pyramid made of cans	Factory	"You may draw and tuck a 6. If you do, score all your top cards without a [Factory]."	You may splay your yellow cards right.	
58	6	Green	Classification	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Turtle	Lightbulb	"Reveal the color of a card from your hand. Take into your hand all cards of that color from all other player’s hands. Then, meld all cards of that color from your hand."		
59	6	Purple	Democracy	Crown	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	"two multiple choice squares, with the bottom one checked off"	Lightbulb	"You may return any number of cards from your hand. If you have returned more cards than any other player due to Democracy this phase, draw and score an 8."		
60	6	Purple	Emancipation	Factory	Lightbulb	Factory	x	Shackle snapping in half	Factory	"I demand you transfer a card from your hand to my score pile! If you do, draw a 6!"	You may splay your red or purple cards right.	
61	6	Blue	Encyclopedia	x	Crown	Crown	Crown	"Large pile of book, with an open book at the top"	Crown	"You may meld all the highest cards in your score pile. If you meld one of the highest, you must meld all of the highest."		
62	6	Red	Industrialization	Crown	Factory	Factory	x	Three smokestacks with billowing smoke	Factory	Draw and tuck a 6 for every two [Factory] icons on your board.	You may splay your red or purple cards right.	
63	6	Red	Machine Tools	Factory	Factory	x	Factory	Cog	Factory	Draw and score a card of value equal to the highest card in your score pile.		
64	6	Green	Metric System	x	Factory	Crown	Crown	Wrench	Crown	"If your green cards are splayed right, you may splay any color of your cards right."	You may splay your green cards right.	
65	6	Yellow	Vaccination	Leaf	Factory	Leaf	x	Syringe	Leaf	"I demand you return all the lowest cards in your score pile! If you returned any, draw and meld a 6!"	"If any card was returned as a result of the demand, draw and meld a 7."	
66	7	Green	Bicycle	Crown	Crown	Clock	x	Bicycle	Crown	"You may exchange all the cards in your hand with all the cards in your score pile. If you exchange one, you must exchange them all."		
67	7	Red	Combustion	Crown	Crown	Factory	x	Automobile	Crown	I demand you transfer two cards from your score pile to my score pile!		
68	7	Green	Electricity	Lightbulb	Factory	x	Factory	Lightning bolt	Factory	"Return all your top cards without a [Factory], then draw an 8 for each card you returned."		
69	7	Blue	Evolution	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	"Puddle with two organisms, or an amoeba"	Lightbulb	"You may choose to either draw and score an 8 and then return a card from your score pile, or draw a card of value one higher than the highest card in your score pile."		
70	7	Red	Explosives	x	Factory	Factory	Factory	Grenade	Factory	"I demand you transfer your three highest cards from your hand to my hand! If you do, and then have no cards in hand, draw a 7!"		
71	7	Purple	Lighting	x	Leaf	Clock	Leaf	Glowing street lamp	Leaf	"You may tuck up to three cards from your hand. If you do, draw and score a 7 for every different value of card you tucked."		
72	7	Blue	Publications	x	Lightbulb	Clock	Lightbulb	Signed book	Lightbulb	You may rearrange the order of one color of cards on your board.	You may splay your yellow or blue cards up.	
73	7	Purple	Railroad	Clock	Factory	Clock	x	Railroad tracks	Clock	"Return all cards from your hand, then draw three 6."	You may splay up any one color of your cards currently splayed right.	
74	7	Yellow	Refrigeration	x	Leaf	Leaf	Crown	Refrigerator	Leaf	I demand you return half (rounded down) of the cards in your hand!	You may score a card from your hand.	
75	7	Yellow	Sanitation	Leaf	Leaf	x	Leaf	Trash can	Leaf	I demand you exchange the two highest cards in your hand with the lowest card in my hand!		
76	8	Yellow	Antibiotics	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	x	Pill	Leaf	"You may return up to three cards from your hand. For every different value of card that you returned, draw two 8."		
77	8	Green	Corporations	x	Factory	Factory	Crown	Histogram	Factory	"I demand you transfer a top non-green card with a [Factory] from your board to my score pile! If you do, draw and meld an 8."	Draw and meld an 8.	
78	8	Purple	Empiricism	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Microscope	Lightbulb	"Choose two colors, then draw and reveal a 9. If it is either of the colors you chose, meld it and you may splay your cards of that color up."	"If you have twenty or more [Lightbulb] icons on your board, you win."	
79	8	Red	Flight	Crown	x	Clock	Crown	Airplane	Crown	"If your red cards are splayed up, you may splay any one color of your cards up."	You may splay your red cards up.	
80	8	Green	Mass Media	Lightbulb	x	Clock	Lightbulb	Microphone	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, choose a value, and return all cards of that value from all score piles."	You may splay your purple cards up.	
81	8	Red	Mobility	x	Factory	Clock	Factory	Tank	Factory	"I demand you transfer your two highest non-red cards without a [Factory] from your board to my score pile! If you transferred any cards, draw an 8!"		
82	8	Blue	Quantum Theory	Clock	Clock	Clock	x	Wireframe	Clock	"You may return up to two cards from your hand. If you return two, draw a 10 and then draw and score a 10."		
83	8	Blue	Rocketry	Clock	Clock	Clock	x	Rocket	Clock	Return a card in any other player’s score pile for every two [Clock] icons on your board.		
84	8	Yellow	Skyscrapers	x	Factory	Crown	Crown	Skyscraper	Crown	"I demand you transfer a top non-yellow card with a [Clock] from your board to my board! If you do, score the card beneath it, and return all other cards from that pile!"		
85	8	Purple	Socialism	Leaf	x	Leaf	Leaf	Communist party logo	Leaf	"You may tuck all cards from your hand. If you tuck one, you must tuck them all. If you tucked at least one purple card, take all the lowest cards in each other player’s hand into your hand."		
86	9	Green	Collaboration	x	Crown	Clock	Crown	Two shaking hands	Crown	"I demand you draw two 9 and reveal them. Transfer the card of my choice to my board, and meld the other."	"If you have ten or more green cards on your board, you win."	
87	9	Red	Composites	Factory	Factory	x	Factory	Tank	Factory	"I demand you transfer all but one card from your hand to my hand! Also, transfer the highest card from your score pile to my score pile!"		
88	9	Blue	Computers	Clock	x	Clock	Factory	Computer	Clock	You may splay your red cards or your green cards up.	"Draw and meld a 10, then execute its non-demand dogma effects for yourself only."	
89	9	Yellow	Ecology	Leaf	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	Recycling icon	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you do, score a card from your hand and draw two 10."		
90	9	Red	Fission	x	Clock	Clock	Clock	Nuclear mushroom cloud	Clock	"I demand you draw a 10! If it is red, remove all hands, boards, and score piles from the game! If this occurs, the dogma action is complete."	Return a top card other than Fission from any player’s board.	
91	9	Blue	Genetics	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	x	DNA helix	Lightbulb	Draw and meld a 10. Score all cards beneath it.		
92	9	Green	Satellites	x	Clock	Clock	Clock	Satellite	Clock	"Return all cards from your hand, and draw three 8."	You may splay your purple cards up.	Meld a card from your hand and then execute each of its non-demand dogma effects for yourself only.
93	9	Purple	Services	x	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	Gas pump	Leaf	"I demand you transfer all the highest cards from your score pile to my hand! If you transferred any cards, then transfer a top card from my board without a [Leaf] to your hand!"		
94	9	Purple	Specialization	x	Factory	Leaf	Factory	Scalpel	Factory	Reveal a card from your hand. Take into your hand the top card of that color from all other players’ boards.	You may splay your yellow or blue cards up.	
95	9	Yellow	Suburbia	x	Crown	Leaf	Leaf	"three large houses, 2.6 kids and a dog in each"	Leaf	You may tuck any number of cards from your hand. Draw and score a 1 for each card you tucked.		
96	10	Purple	A.I.	Lightbulb	Lightbulb	Clock	x	Robot overlords	Lightbulb	Draw and score a 10.	"If Robotics and Software are top cards on any board, the single player with the lowest score wins."	
97	10	Blue	Bioengineering	Lightbulb	Clock	Clock	x	Biohazard icon	Clock	Transfer a top card with a [Leaf] from any other player’s board to your score pile.	"If any player has fewer than three [Leaf] icons on their board, the single player with the most [Leaf] icons on their board wins."	
98	10	Green	Databases	x	Clock	Clock	Clock	Spreadsheet	Clock	I demand you return half (rounded up) of the cards in your score pile!		
99	10	Yellow	Globalization	x	Factory	Factory	Factory	Globe	Factory	I demand you return a top card with a [Leaf] on your board!	"Draw and score a 6. If no player has more [Leaf] icons than [Factory] icons on their board, the single player with the most points wins."	
100	10	Red	Miniaturization	x	Lightbulb	Clock	Lightbulb	Silicon chip	Lightbulb	"You may return a card from your hand. If you returned a 10, draw a 10 for every different value of card in your score pile."		
101	10	Red	Robotics	x	Factory	Clock	Factory	Robot	Factory	"Score your top green card. Draw and meld a 10, then execute its non-demand dogma effects for yourself only."		
102	10	Green	Self Service	x	Crown	Crown	Crown	Vending machine	Crown	Execute the non-demand dogma effects of any other top card on your board for yourself only.	"If you have more achievements than each other player, you win."	
103	10	Blue	Software	Clock	Clock	Clock	x	Floppy disk	Clock	Draw and score a 10.	"Draw and meld two 10, then execute the second card’s non-demand dogma effects for yourself only."	
104	10	Yellow	Stem Cells	x	Leaf	Leaf	Leaf	Cell with a large nucleus	Leaf	"You may score all cards from your hand. If you score one, you must score them all."		
105	10	Purple	The Internet	x	Clock	Clock	Lightbulb	Ethernet port	Clock	You may splay your green cards up.	Draw and score a 10.	Draw and meld a 10 for every two [Clock] icons on your board.
